Good morning.
Thank you for coming.
My name is Ricardo Cortes and
I work on the iTunes Store,
the iBook Store, and the App Store.
First off, welcome to WWDC.
It's day four of WWDC.
I hope you're enjoying the conference.
Monday's keynote was pretty sizzling,
if you ask me.
This is the fifth year in a
row for this presentation.
Believe it or not,
we started back in 2008,
just before the App Store launched,
and we've been doing it ever since,
updating you on the app
distribution process,
app reporting, and app setup.
And this year is no different.
We're going to walk you through
updates to iTunes Connect Mobile,
iTunes Connect, and Application Loader.
These are the three tools that are
used by you guys to submit your apps,
track your apps, and make changes to your
apps on the App Store.
We have four areas that
we want to cover today.
A what's new area,
we'll be talking about contracts,
general iTunes Connect workflow
changes in the last year,
and iTunes Connect Mobile.
Our second main area,
tool support for iOS 6 and Mountain Lion,
the features you heard on Monday,
including routing apps and Game Center.
In-App purchase changes,
we have a slew of changes for you
in the area of In-App purchases.
and as always, some best practices,
common pitfalls, i.e.
ITC gotchas.
Okay.
What's new?
First up, contracts.
If you haven't noticed,
this past Monday we rolled out
some new agreements both on the
iOS and OS X side for the free/PLA
agreement and for the paid.
On the paid side we have
new App Store territories,
which Tim mentioned in his keynote.
We have In-App Purchas/Apple
hosted content.
We have new custom B2B tiers.
We're introducing tiers 0 through
9 for custom B2B developers
and new custom B2B territories.
On the OS X paid side,
we have also the paid territories
and the hosted content.
For the PLA, we have routing apps and for
the OS X side for the PLA,
we have In-App Purchas hosted content.
In terms of custom B2B,
we have nine new territories
in addition to the US.
They are Canada, UK, France, Germany,
Italy, Spain, Australia, New Zealand,
and Japan.
We have 32 new territories that are
coming to the App Store with those
agreements that I mentioned that
are now live in iTunes Connect.
And with the 32,
we now have a total of 155.
And here they are.
Okay,
we're going to quiz you on those later.
Okay, that's contracts.
So you want to go into iTunes Connect,
agree to the latest free or paid
as it's relevant to your app,
and agree to those contracts.
They're live now.
iTunes Connect changes.
As you know,
the new iPad has a Retina display and
those screenshots for the iPad with
the Retina display are now optional.
You can provide high-res screenshots
for your iPad app now in iTunes Connect.
However, on the iPhone side,
if you haven't noticed,
we now require Retina display
screenshots for all of your iPhone apps.
We also have additional states,
additional details for when
your app is stuck in the
missing screenshot app state.
The screenshot changes,
here they are without the location bar.
And if you were paying
attention on Monday,
there was a new iPad,
or new MacBook Pro that was announced.
We'll be adding support
for those screenshots soon.
When your app is stuck
and missing a screenshot,
we now give you an indication
of which localization you
need to add the screenshot in.
We have some large app icon
changes that are coming in July,
so take notice.
On the iOS side,
we're going from 512.512 to 1024.1024.
If you recall, the large app icon is
what's used in the store,
both on the device and the desktop.
On the iOS side,
you deliver this screenshot
through iTunes Connect.
On the OS X side, commensurate fashion,
we're going from a
512.512 to a 1024.1024.
And that's delivered in the
ICNS file in your app bundle.
On Newsstand,
both for the issue cover art and for
the default cover art that's supplied,
the long edge is moving
from 512.512 to 1024.1024.
And those are supplied either in iTunes
Connect or in the Newsstand Atom feed.
Again, those changes are coming in July,
so get ready.
You also have a privacy URL that's now
available to all your iOS and OS X apps.
It's optional unless you're
using In-App Purchases of type
Auto-Renewable or Free Subscriptions.
Here's a screenshot in
iTunes Connect where you can
provide your privacy URL.
That privacy URL will then show up in
the store when you're browsing your apps.
We have 10 new languages
we're adding to the App Store.
These are now live.
They are below.
We also have the ability for
you to change your default
language at the app level.
This allows you to choose a
default language that is displayed
when looking for a localization,
when the device has been set
to a particular language.
Okay, iTunes Connect Mobile.
iTunes Connect Mobile was announced
a couple years ago here at WWDC.
Since then, we've done a 1.1 and a 1.2.
The current version is 1.2,
and today we're
announcing ITC Mobile 2.0.
First off, if you had noticed in 1.1,
1.2, you can't find all of your apps.
We're changing that with 2.0.
With 2.0,
we have a detailed app inspection
view for all of your apps,
regardless whether they're
on sale or not on sale.
In addition,
when you get a push notification
for any of your apps,
when they change status,
you can swipe that push notification
and it'll drop you right into the
app inspection view for that app.
We've added custom reviews,
allows you to search for all your reviews
across all your territories quickly.
And a new feature to ITC Mobile called
Favorites allows you to organize
your favorite apps to find
them quickly on the device.
And version sign-off and rejection.
Version sign-off allows you to
release the binary on the go
within iTunes Connect Mobile.
So if you get a push notification,
your app is ready and it's been reviewed,
you can swipe, drop right into iTunes
Connect Mobile and approve it.
Similarly, if you know there's a bug and
you need to reject it quickly,
you can do that as well.
We have a reworked Sales and Trends view.
The UI has been updated.
And if you don't want everyone
in your company seeing
your Sales and Trends data,
you can now use the roles that
are in iTunes Connect to prevent
viewing of those Sales and Trends
data right there in the app.
And with that,
I'd like to bring up Jason Fozback,
Engineering Manager of iTunes
Store Content Delivery.
He's going to walk you through a
demo of iTunes Connect Mobile 2.0.
Jason.
Thank you, Ricardo.
This looks familiar to most of you.
We're going to go ahead and log
in here to iTunes Connect Mobile.
I'm just going to walk you
through the new version,
give you a demo here.
So for those of you that have
been using iTunes Connect Mobile,
this will look very familiar to you.
We've made it, you know,
changed colors a little
bit and everything.
But this should look very familiar.
You can look at different
intervals for your information,
get graph and sales and unit data.
Now,
one of the things you may notice here
is that you can't actually see unit
and sales data on this particular
graph because we're logging into Apple.
And we didn't actually want to
show you that information yet.
So we're obfuscating
things a little bit here.
So, you know, as Ricardo mentioned,
we now have granular user role
access to this application.
So by default,
the current version of iTunes
Connect Mobile lets your legal,
admin,
and finance users use the application.
With this new version,
everyone that has an iTunes
Connect account can actually
use the application.
and with that, you know,
some people will have the Sales and
Trends view and some people will
not and some people will have both.
So, one of the new things you'll notice
here on the application is at the
bottom we have a tab called Manage.
I'm going to go ahead and tap on that.
and we have a new view here where
you can see your recent applications.
And for those of you
who use iTunes Connect,
this will be very familiar to you.
Every time you log in and
you go to manage apps,
you see your recent applications
that you've most recently used.
This is an analog to that.
We show 24 instead of, you know,
just 10 of each type.
And you can see -- you'll see the icon,
the type of the application,
and the version.
And if you have multiple versions,
as you see with iTunes
Connect Mobile here in the upper right,
you'll actually see the pending
version and any statuses for
the different applications.
So let's go ahead and
drill into one of these.
I'm going to click on iMovie here.
and this is a detailed inspection
view that you'll see for a
particular application where
you can see basic information,
your icon,
you can see your sales and trends
data here at the bottom if you
have access to sales and trends.
You'll notice we have a version
display here in the middle left
and I'll go ahead and tap on that.
And we can see some basic metadata
information here about your application.
You can go ahead and take a
look at your status history.
So if you want to know when your
status changes were and who approved
them and when they happened.
You can also inspect the different
languages and the different metadata
for each of the languages you have.
So I'm going to go ahead
and click on French here.
And we can take a look at the
French metadata for our application.
So over here on the middle right,
you see we have the customer
ratings and reviews.
So right on the go,
you can take a look and see
what your latest reviews and
ratings are for your application.
Go ahead and take a look
at some reviews there.
And you can actually change
the country and view specific
country information if you'd like.
Now, in the upper right here,
you'll notice we have something
called Add to Favorites.
And we've introduced this new feature
where if you use an application a lot,
you can add that to your favorites.
Now, what does that mean?
It means that you as an
individual will have access to
that application across device.
So I've added this to my favorites.
Now, if I log in on my iPhone,
I'll have that application
available as well.
So if I work on certain
applications or want easy access,
I can just quickly add that.
So I'm going to go ahead and navigate
back here to the Recent view.
And I'm going to click on Favorites.
and they're my favorites.
So you can see iMovie there at the top,
which I added, and a few others here,
which I happen to like.
So there's also a button
here at the top on the left,
or right, excuse me,
where you can edit your favorites and
you can rearrange them if you want.
Delete them, add them, whatnot.
So here's my favorite application,
iTunes Connect Mobile.
I'm going to go ahead and log into that,
drill down into that one.
Now if you'll notice here in the
middle left with the versions tab,
we actually see both versions,
not just one version.
So with iTunes Connect Mobile 1.2,
we added push notifications.
So every time a status change
happens to your application,
you can get a push
notification on your device.
With this new version of
iTunes Connect Mobile,
you can tap on that push notification,
drill right down into the application
to this view for your app.
and you can push it live
right there if you'd like.
So let's go ahead and take a look at
this pending developer release and
you'll notice there's a couple of
different buttons there on the top.
One is to reject the binary.
So if I'm on the go and someone says,
"Hey, there's this bug.
We need to reject our
application," we can right on
the go there reject the binary.
It's not something you
probably want to do very often,
so we actually ask you to
re-authenticate just so you don't
accidentally reject your binaries.
and you'll notice here at the top
there's this release this version.
So I'm sure most of you out there
in the audience would love to
have access to this latest app.
So I'm going to go
ahead and click on that.
and you'll see there,
release this version.
So let me go ahead and release it.
So just to be clear,
I'm using iTunes Connect Mobile here
to release iTunes Connect Mobile.
So with that,
iTunes Connect Mobile will be available
shortly after this demonstration.
Ricardo?
Thanks, Jason.
A little bit of inception for you guys.
That's iTunes Connect Mobile,
available shortly after
this presentation.
Okay, Section 2, what's new?
Let's look at iOS 6 and Mountain Lion.
First up, routing apps.
As you know,
on Monday there's a new Maps app.
And Routing Apps is a feature of
iOS 6 that enables you to integrate
your app with the Maps app.
It allows third-party apps
to offer routing options or
directions within the Maps app.
Apps with coverage in the area that
you're currently in are preferred.
And you're given an option,
if the app isn't on your device,
to download another app from the store.
There's a GeoJSON file that's
uploaded in iTunes Connect.
This is how the Maps app figures
out the apps that are relevant
in your current location.
Here's a screenshot of Routing Apps.
On the top section, you see two apps,
WWDC Transit and CA Transit.
They're relevant because
I'm here at WWDC.
And these are the apps that are located
on my device that are being present first
as the Maps app has found them using the
GeoJSON file that's present in the apps.
On the bottom,
I'm also presented with some other
apps that are relevant in my location
area for directions from the store.
I can also alternatively
download those from the store.
Okay, Game Center.
Game Center is new with OS X.
It's been around since iOS 4.
With OS X,
it introduces the possibility of true
cross-platform play between iOS and OS X.
Here's a screenshot of
Game Center on OS X.
Now there's a whole slew
of implementation choices
you can go through.
We're going to cover three today.
We have standalone
OS X support or iOS support,
cross-app or cross-platform
invites or matchmaking,
and cross-app or cross-platform
Game Center data sharing with
leaderboards and achievements.
Okay, standalone support, option one.
You implement GameKit for iOS or OS X,
and your app does not
depend on any other apps.
It depends solely on the versions
that are part of that application.
So either on iOS or OS X,
you leverage the compatibility
matrix in iTunes Connect,
and you select the versions that
are compatible with each other,
but not cross-app.
This allows you to develop an
OS X and then if you want you
can add cross app support later.
It's very easy.
Cross-App to allow multiplayer
matchmaking or invites.
The compatibility matrix has
been updated in iTunes Connect to
allow for not only iOS to OS X,
but also iOS to iOS if
you have a free or a paid,
or OS X to OS X.
Any combination works.
Let's look at an example.
Today, I have Touch Fighter 2.0.
It's gone through three revisions: 1.0,
1.5, and 2.0.
And they all play with each other.
Now I'm introducing
Touch Fighter 1.0 on the OS X side,
like many of you might be doing
with OS X and Game Center support.
So what would the
compatibility matrix look like?
So today, before this presentation,
Touch Fighter 2.0 was
able to play with 1.0,
the 1.5, and the 2.0.
But now we're introducing
Touch Fighter 1.0 and OS X.
The 1.0 doesn't work
with the OS X version,
the first version,
but the 1.5 and the 2.0 does.
So we want to take this example
and this table and we're going to
drive it home with some examples.
In iTunes Connect.
You log in, you select TouchFighter
2.0 on the iOS side,
and you indicate the
compatibility first for that app.
Here I'm choosing the 1.0, the 1.5,
and the 2.0 as we just saw on the table.
Next up, for the same app,
Touch Fighter 2.0 on iOS,
we're going to look at
the Touch Fighter for the
Mac version and select the 1.0.
Now, one thing to note,
when you're playing around with Sandbox,
let's say you're new to
OS X or generally in iOS,
the apps on the left side are
all compatible in the Sandbox.
You don't have to worry
about compatibility.
It just works.
However, when you go to production,
that's where things matter and that's
where the version indications that
you mark on these pages will be used.
The third option is data sharing.
This introduces a new concept called
Game Center Grouping in iTunes Connect.
If you saw Dan Kurtz's
presentation yesterday,
which I highly recommend,
he goes over a lot of the GameKit details
on implementing GameKit for OS X and iOS.
And there he talked
about grouping as well.
This allows you to group your
leaderboards and achievements.
And one thing to note,
we do support backwards
compatibility here.
So you've got old leaderboards or
achievement identifiers that you're
posting scores to on iOS 4 or iOS 5.
The scores will roll up
automatically to those grouped
leaderboards and achievements.
The end result is unified view both
on iOS and OS X for Game Center.
Okay, Game Center today, before grouping.
You have an iPad app that
earns an achievement.
It's sent up to the
Game Center Cloud for Touch Fighter.
And when you go into Game Center,
it's reflected accordingly
there on the app.
Let's say you have another app.
It can be an iOS app,
in this case an OS X app.
It also earns that achievement,
goes up to the cloud,
and it's reflected on the OS X side.
But there's no sharing
of the achievements.
You notice the achievement was earned
on one side for the iOS side and on
the other side for the OS X side,
and they were segregated.
With grouping,
we go ahead and iTunes Connect,
we specify a grouped
achievement identifier of
group.touchfighter.perfectscore.
And then we update our app to post
score to that grouped achievement.
And then on the iOS side,
You post a score and it's
reflected accordingly on
both the iOS and OS X side.
And the same thing when you post from the
other apps that are part of the group.
Okay,
let's try this one with some examples.
So I have Touch Fighter 2.0 for
iOS and Touch Fighter 1.0 OS X.
Same example we've been looking at.
We have a leaderboard,
touchfighter.leaderboard,
both on the Mac and iOS side.
There's the identifiers.
And we go ahead and group it in
iTunes Connect and we give it a
grouped leaderboard identifier.
Second example, Touch Fighter iOS,
again with Touch Fighter 1.0
and OS X side.
We've got support for the
Level 1 in our iOS version,
and we've introduced support for
the Level 1 on the OS X side.
We go ahead and group it.
We post those scores to
group.touchfighter.level1.
But let's say that the level two isn't
quite ready yet on the OS X side.
We've got a bigger real estate,
we've got a lot of other things
that we want to put in the
level two on the OS X side.
That's okay though.
You can still go into iTunes Connect and
you can prepare this grouped leaderboard,
give it a grouped identifier,
and start posting scores
to that grouped identifier.
One thing to note on leaderboards
is when you're merging them
or grouping them together,
you need to be sure that you need to
group appropriate leaderboards together.
For example, a time-based leaderboard and
a points-based leaderboard
will not play with each other.
And we have validations
to help you with this.
Similarly, on the achievement side,
to drive it home further,
we have Touch Fighter 2.0
on the iOS side,
Touch Fighter 1.0 on the OS X side.
We've got single game achievements
of Touch Fighter dot Perfect Score,
and on the Mac side,
Touch Fighter dot Mac dot Perfect Score.
We group that achievement in iTunes
Connect using the new grouping UI,
and we start posting to that
Perfect Score achievement.
and 100 Wins isn't implemented
yet in the OS X side,
but we go ahead and we group that,
give an identifier and start posting
to that identifier regardless.
Here's what the UI looks like.
In iTunes Connect,
you have a single game option
or a group of games option.
Now, when you're using Game Center,
The grouping UI is now available
as of Monday in iTunes Connect.
You can go ahead and start
merging and grouping your
leaderboards and achievements.
One thing to note,
especially if you're playing
around with Mountain Lion,
is if you're grouping your leaderboards
or achievements and you have a bug
fix for another different reason,
you'll want to ungroup it first,
submit that bug fix,
and then come back into
iTunes Connect and group it.
and with that,
I want to bring up Dave Van Tassell,
Senior Software Engineer, iTunes Store,
iTunes Connect.
He's going to walk you through the UI and
Game Center changes in iTunes Connect.
Dave.
Thank you, Ricardo.
As you've heard,
there's a couple of new ways to enhance
your customers' Game Center experience
using iTunes Connect.
So let's go ahead and
take a look at them.
Log in here to iTunes Connect,
manage my applications.
We have our two apps,
our Touch Fighter for iOS and
Touch Fighter for the Mac.
and we want to make our Touch Fighter for
the Mac compatible for multiplayer
compatibility between the two.
So it's the same location as cross
app as compatibility was before.
Scroll down here to the bottom.
We click the Multiplayer Compatibility.
And we can see those
versions for this app.
What's new now is we can come
in here and add a second app,
Touch Friday for iOS.
If you've played around with
this already in iTunes Connect,
you'll notice that this screen
does not allow you to select
other versions of that app.
Currently we're in Sandbox only.
When Mountain Lion ships,
we'll be able to come in and select
these versions for other apps.
So TouchWriter 2 for iOS,
we're going to select
our 1.5 and our 2.0.
Now we can see that Touch Fighter for
the Mac is compatible with
all of its own versions,
including this one,
as well as Touch Fighter 2 for iOS,
only versions 1.5 and 2.0.
And at this point, I'll be able to,
in sandbox mode,
all those versions between those
two apps will be compatible.
And when this version
of my Mac App goes live,
then in production I'll be able to
have the cross-app compatibility
with TouchWrite for iOS.
and that's cross-app compatibility.
Now we want to share our leaderboards
and achievements between the two apps.
So we're on Touch Friday for the
Mac and we click Manage Game Center.
I've set up some leaderboards
and some achievements.
for this app.
And I want to move it to a group.
Click on Move to Group and
I have the option of creating a
brand new group or attaching it
to a group that already exists.
I've already created the iOS group.
So I'm going to go ahead and
attach this Touch Fighter group.
My next step is to merge all
of my existing leaderboards
and achievements into the group
leaderboards and achievements.
Now this first one here is a time trial.
My existing group doesn't have
any time-based leaderboards,
so my only option is to create a new one.
However, with leaderboard and level one,
they match with some
existing leaderboards.
So I have the option of selecting
existing group leaderboards
that I'd like to select from.
I come down here and
I have my perfect score.
My existing iOS app had two achievements.
However, I know this one matches
with perfect score.
I'm presented with a screen to just
kind of confirm what I've been doing.
I have my leaderboards and
achievements on the left-hand side
and how they are mapping to group
leaderboards that already exist.
Leaderboard to leaderboard,
level one to level one.
My Mac app didn't have a level
two leaderboard and it's showing
me that there was one in the
group but I didn't match it.
And the time trial for my Mac,
although it didn't exist
previously in the group,
it does now.
So now it shows up on the group site.
My achievements are the same.
There was no 100 wins on this app,
so there's a space.
Let me know in case
I meant to do 100 wins.
Kind of reconfirms how my merge went.
Perfect score to perfect score.
All changes are accurate.
Click Save.
Now I can see my group display.
I can see Touch Fighter for iOS,
Touch Fighter for the Mac.
I can see all leaderboards and
achievements for the group.
and that is how you do game sharing
with leaderboards and achievements
and cross-app compatibility.
I turn the time over to Ricardo.
Thank you, Dave.
That's Game Center in iTunes Connect,
the new grouping, merging UI.
OK, what's new in In-App Purchases?
First up is In-App Purchase
hosted content.
First off,
if you haven't seen Daniel Feldman's
presentation yesterday on
selling products in StoreKit,
I highly recommend it
to download the video.
It walks you through all of the
features of In-App Purchases,
how to implement an iOS side,
how to implement on the OS X side,
especially In-App Purchase/Apple
hosted content.
In-App Purchase-Listed Content is new
for iOS 6 and Mountain Lion and is
optional for new in-app purchases.
It pertains to the
non-consumable type only.
and allows Apple hosted content to be
delivered with your In-App Purchase.
There's a size limit here of two gigs.
An example would be as new game levels
are purchased with In-App Purchases,
you can deliver the maps to go
along with those game levels
from Apple and not your servers.
You set up In-App Purchase
hosted content in iTunes Connect.
There are two additional states
that go along with in-app purchases
that are hosted with Apple.
Waiting for upload because we haven't
received your archive yet and processing
upload when we receive the archive and
we're processing it for the App Store to
go along with your in-app purchase.
You develop and test your hosted
content locally in the latest Xcode.
And then you can deliver-- sorry,
you prepare the archiving Xcode as well.
And then you can deliver an
application loader or Xcode.
In iTunes Connect, there's a new Boolean
hosting content with Apple.
You indicate yes.
This then is reflected on the SK product.
The Boolean will be true for
that SK product and you'll know
that that hosted content lives
with Apple or that the SK product
actually has hosted content.
iTunes Connect has been updated to
give you some information when the
In-App Purchas has hosted content.
and Application Loader allows you
to deliver in-app purchases with
hosted content along with the
archive that is built in Xcode.
Let's take a look at Newsstand.
Newsstand was announced last
February with The Daily.
Free subscriptions.
They allow free publications
with no auto-renew period.
We have subcategory support
which we just rolled out.
This improves the marketing
and discoverability of your
newsstand publications.
and free trial support.
Enables trying before buying
and when the free trial is over,
the customer's billing period
will automatically begin.
Screenshot of iTunes Connect and
additional subcategories that
are available when you're
using free subscriptions.
Sorry, when you're using
newsstand subscriptions.
Here's a shot of the device,
of what it looks like to browse
by these new subcategories.
It makes finding these
subscriptions much easier.
And the indication in iTunes Connect that
you want to offer a free trial.
Finally, we've made some changes in the
tool and workflow area for iTunes
Connect and Application Loader.
to support In-App Purchases.
Last year, as a reminder,
we announced Application Loader
support for In-App Purchases.
You can set up individual
In-App Purchases with their
screenshots or you can use a
tab-delimited spreadsheet to ingest
and deliver all the screenshots and
the metadata to the iTunes Store.
We just saw the new support for
In-App Purchas hosted content.
We also have sorting by status.
This allows you to find problematic
In-App Purchases quickly.
A new feature that we're announcing
today is called Catalog Reports.
Catalog Reports are a new downloadable
tab-delimited report in iTunes Connect.
The format is easily ingestible.
It's tab-delimited, you can download it,
and you can use any automated
system you want to parse it.
It gives you a wide glance
across all your In-App Purchases,
including the localizations, the tier,
and other information that's relevant.
In addition to the In-App Purchas report,
we're also announcing an apps report
that will be available for download.
Like the In-App Purchas report,
it gives you a glance of
all your applications.
So if you've got 5,000 apps,
they'll be all there for you to review.
and coming soon we're going to
have a Game Center report in
the Catalog Reports section for
Leaderboards and Achievements.
And with that, I'd like to bring Aloke
Bhatnagar on my team.
He's the engineering
manager of iTunes Store,
iTunes Connect.
He's going to walk you through some
of the In-App Purchas tool changes.
Aloke.
Thank you, Ricardo.
Hello, everyone.
So as Ricardo mentioned,
we made quite a few enhancements in the
In-App Purchase area in iTunes Connect,
and I'm going to walk you through those.
Let's start with
In-App Purchas content hosting.
Go into iTunes Connect,
click on Manage your applications.
Choose our favorite app,
Touch Fighter for iOS,
and select Manage In-App Purchases.
As Ricardo mentioned,
that in-app purchase content
hosting is available only for
non-consumable in-app purchase types.
So let's go ahead and create
a new in-app purchase.
Select non-consumable.
Give it a reference name.
[Transcript missing]
and Hit Save.
Now, for those of you who work
with In-App Purchasers,
there's absolutely nothing different
with what we've done so far.
But here's where the difference starts.
We offer a new section called
Hosting Content with Apple,
and you can choose yes or no,
depending on whether you want
Apple to host your content for you.
There's also a new Review Notes section
that's optional in case you wanted
to give any notes to the reviewer,
like login information
or any other information,
you can go ahead and send that.
So let's go ahead and add a screenshot.
For now I'm going to say
no for the hosting content.
Go ahead and hit save.
As you can see,
everything's normal so far.
We've hit the ready to submit state.
Oh, by the way,
we've also added sorting by status now,
which is convenient if you
want to quickly look up an
in-app purchase of given types.
Now let's go back into the
In-App Purchase we just created.
Hit Edit on the In-App Purchase Details.
And choose Yes for the
hosting content with Apple.
As soon as I hit save,
you're going to notice that the
status will move from ready to
submit to waiting for upload.
Now there's In-App Purchas ready
in a state where I can go into
Application Loader or Xcode to go
ahead and deliver a package against it.
And that's In-App Purchas
content hosting.
Now let's quickly go
back to our home page.
As Ricardo mentioned,
we'll be releasing today catalog reports.
Now what exactly is a catalog report?
Think of catalog reports as a
snapshot of your data at the
current time in tab-delimited
format so that you can easily ingest
into your automated processes.
So let's go ahead and
take a look at that.
As you can see,
I requested a few already.
We have catalog reports for in-app
purchases and the app and apps,
so you can download either one.
Let's go ahead and download one of these.
As you can see,
this is a very easily ingestible format,
and we'll do that by
dragging this into numbers.
This is a little bit larger.
And it contains data like Apple ID,
reference name,
product ID for your in-app purchases,
add-on type, any relevant information
that you want to see,
all the way up to the current price tier,
whether it's cleared for sale or not.
Sorry,
these columns are not auto-expanding.
The app name data and any
localizations if you had any.
So how do I get a catalog report?
You go ahead and request a new report.
Select from apps and app purchases,
what the heck, we'll just take both.
Request new reports.
Now as you can see,
they are in the ready to process section,
in the ready to process state,
and within a couple of hours,
they'll get processed and I'll get
an email saying that they're ready
to download and they'll be available
for download just like over here.
And that's Catalog Reports and this
is releasing today for everyone.
For the last part of the demo,
as Ricardo mentioned,
in Application Loader,
we have a new From File option
now where you can mass ingest
IAPs into iTunes Connect.
So in order to do that,
you create a new package,
choose New From File.
And this is a simple tab-delimited
text file that contains all
my in-app purchase data.
Going to go ahead and hit open.
and as you can see, it's ingested all the
In-App Purchase data,
including price tiers,
whether it's clear for sale or not,
and the screenshots.
Let me just scroll
through that real quick,
make sure everything's okay.
And for non-consumable types,
you can also go ahead and select the
content hosting packages for this.
And that is Application Loader.
Back to Ricardo.
Thank you, Aloke.
All right.
If you're not paying attention,
now is the time to do so.
We have something unplanned in our
little hidden agenda and we want
to talk about something new today.
It's called XML Feed Support.
I'd like to bring up Dave Makower,
my peer, Senior Engineering Manager of
iTunes Store Content Import,
to tell you all about it.
Thank you, Dave.
Thank you, Ricardo.
Again, my name is Dave Makower.
I manage content import and asset
management for the iTunes Store.
And I'm here to tell you about
our new XML feed support.
So let's start by taking a
look at what In-App Purchase
data entry looks like today.
You have a few options.
You have manual data
entry in iTunes Connect.
Or you have...
Manual Data Entry in Application Loader.
Sends a theme here.
There's also, as you just saw,
New from File in Application Loader,
which allows you to bulk
import in-app purchases.
And this kind of gets to the
motivation for XML feed support.
So a GUI is fine if you have a few items.
But what if you have 100?
What if you have 1,000?
Using an XML feed is going to work
better if you have many items.
And additionally,
Being able to do it from the
command line facilitates bulk data
management and allows integration
with your existing automated systems.
Here are some of the features
of our XML feed support.
For In-App Purchase,
we support iOS and OS X.
We support all In-App Purchase
types subject to existing
App Store policies about those types.
We support interval pricing,
which is the way in which you
set up sale windows over time,
varying your price over time.
For Game Center,
we also support iOS and OS X.
And we support uploading and updating
leaderboards and achievements.
So general features of
our XML feed support.
You can upload localized metadata.
There is synchronous validation,
so if you get something wrong,
you're going to know right away.
There's also command
line metadata lookup.
So from the command line,
you can look up XML that you can then
edit and send back in through the feed.
And we'll be publishing a
fully documented XML spec.
So here's how it works.
You start by creating
what we call a package.
A package is just a directory
with a .itmsp extension.
It's got a metadata.xml file in
there and optionally some assets,
for example, screenshots.
Or you can use the command
line to look up the metadata.
The package will get created
for you automatically.
And then you can edit the looked up XML.
And then you use the command line
to upload the package to Apple.
So here's what it looks like.
For In-App Purchase, this is an example.
and I'll zoom in on a
couple of features here.
So we have the vendor ID,
we call it vendor ID.
This is your ID, you are the vendor.
This is your identifier for this app.
So this is your SKU,
what you call SKU in iTunes Connect.
Then we've got some basic metadata
about the In-App Purchase.
Product ID, Reference Name,
Type is consumable in this case.
Then you've got this product block
and this is where you declare your
pricing and availability data.
We've got some localized metadata.
And reference to review
screenshots which are in the
folder with the metadata.xml file.
So that's In-App Purchas.
Here's what it looks
like for Game Center.
Again, we've got a vendor ID,
that's the SKU of your app.
And here's an achievement.
with basic metadata
about the achievement.
The achievement ID, the reference name.
In this case, there's some points there,
and this is a reusable achievement.
Again, we've got localized metadata and
I'll zoom in on one part of this
to show you that localized metadata
actually has a localized image there.
and here we have a leaderboard,
some basic metadata
about the leaderboard.
Localized metadata.
and that's pretty much it.
So this is all coming this fall,
but we can show you a demo now.
And that's what I'm about to do.
And I'm going to start by
going into iTunes Connect.
I'm going to go to
Manage Your Applications,
Touch Fighter 2 for iOS,
Manage In-App Purchases.
Now here I have my 100 missiles.
And you'll see that I have
one row in this table here
for pricing and availability.
The price tier is tier 3.
It was effective as of May 23rd.
And there's no end date.
So this is the price
tier for now and forever.
So the next thing I'm going to do is
I'm going to go into the command line.
and I'm going to look up
the metadata for this app.
has created the package for
me on the desktop there.
Show package contents and we
have our metadata.xml file,
which I'm going to drag onto Xcode.
This is what we just
retrieved from the server.
You see I have the pricing
and availability section,
the products as I pointed out before.
And there's one interval.
This corresponds to that
one row in the table we saw.
The start date is listed as of today,
and as this comment points out,
that's because in metadata lookup,
you're always looking at a snapshot
from today into the future.
There may have been
intervals in the past,
but they're not really interesting
for import and they're not
interesting for metadata lookup.
So we're going to put this on sale.
We're going to have a July 4th sale.
I'm going to stick
another interval in there,
if I can find the right spot.
Which that is not the right spot.
So this interval has a start date of
July 4th and an end date of July 5th.
We're going to bring it
down to price tier one.
Now there's an ambient interval here
[Transcript missing]
So the next thing I'm going to do,
having edited that,
is use the command line to upload it.
So the package was uploaded successfully.
So here's where I need
to kill a little time.
Because this is an asynchronous process.
Why is this an asynchronous process?
This is the same system
that's importing music,
videos, books, your apps,
all the content that we
sell in the iTunes Store.
So we don't want to make you
wait while you're in a queue
along with that other stuff.
So the first part of the process,
accept your package,
make sure it's valid,
and then we take it in.
And then we're going to import it.
So I'll take a look over here
and see if it's imported yet.
There we go.
Thanks very much.
So that's coming this fall.
And I will now turn to
be back over to Ricardo.
So two points on that.
One, there's a gentleman that
filed a wrist injury radar.
I'm not sure if you're in the audience,
but this is for you.
And we do listen to all the radars,
so file them if you have enhancements
that you'd like in our tools.
Secondly,
we have tons and tons of content
that we import every day.
Daily TV shows,
thousands and thousands of songs,
terabytes of data.
So those imports that Dave sent
got behind some of that stuff
that was probably higher priority.
Okay.
XML Feed Support.
That's coming this fall.
Some best practices, some ITC gotchas.
App delete mistakes.
Once your app is deleted, it's gone.
No, really, it's gone.
So don't complain when it's gone.
And so is the app name.
So be careful when you
want to delete your app.
Edit your Bundle Identifier.
This is just news in case
you haven't heard about it.
If your app has not been
submitted to the store,
the binary, you can edit your Bundle
Identifier before doing that.
Six months is the limit for reserving
your app name in iTunes Connect.
In-App Purchase Submission.
The first time you submit in-app
purchases for your application,
they must travel with a
binary for app review.
Subsequent submissions can use
the ad hoc submission process.
And when you go to submit them,
on the version update page,
you'll want to select the
in-app purchases appropriately
that travel with that binary.
Meaningful descriptions.
You should highlight your app's features
and summarize your hardware requirements.
Direct your customers to
your support URL for in-depth
requirements on your CPU,
RAM, video cards, etc.
Beta Trial, invite-only apps are
definitely considered betas
and they will be rejected.
For providing a demo account,
make sure the demo account
works for the entire app,
not just for a portion of it.
Registration.
You can't prompt a registration page
to collect information from the user
unless you have account-based features.
Your support URLs, your marketing URLs,
and your privacy
URLs should be functioning,
they should work,
and they should be relevant
to your application.
Category, it's necessary to choose a
relevant category for your app.
Web Content.
You should avoid building 100%
web views in your application.
Compatibility.
If you have an iPhone-only app,
it needs to be tested in
compatibility mode on the iPad.
If it doesn't work on the
iPad in compatibility mode,
it will be rejected.
The In-App Purchase Type,
please choose correctly.
Auto-renewable, non-renewing, consumable,
non-consumable,
or if you're using a newsstand.
Some import errors that we
commonly see that you get an import
error email for post delivery.
We often see missing values in these
Info.plist entries for the CFBundleIcon,
CFBundleIconFiles,
and CFBundleIconsArray.
In terms of your equity
signing for document storage,
Important to note that the first key,
Ubiquity Continuum Identifiers,
is actually an array and it's
prefixed by your team ID from
the WWDR Developer Portal.
And the second is a string prefixed by
your team ID also from the WWDR Portal.
Invalid signature, we often see this.
This happens mostly because of an
expired or revoked certificate.
You submit the binary to us,
we send you an email saying
it has an invalid signature.
If you get one of those emails,
you'll want to check this first.
and Malform Frameworks.
We often see code signing
issues with frameworks.
On the OS X side, you want to see the
Developer OS X Programming Guide.
It has a very strict structure on
how you need to organize things for
your file structure for signing.
And that's our four areas for today.
For more information, Paul Marcos is our
Application Services Evangelist.
iTunes Connect Developer Guide,
as always, is available on iTunes
Connect at apple.com.
This video will be posted at
developer.apple.com/videos,
especially for those that are
using the Game Center grouping UI.
I highly recommend you walk
through the examples and the
demo that was given today.
And of course,
the dev forums at devforums@apple.com.
Selling products with StoreKit,
highly recommended.
You check that one out from yesterday,
especially if you want to use the
Apple or In-App Purchase hosted content.
That was from Daniel Feldman.
That will be available on video.
We have tools and services APIs for
iTunes affiliates here at 11:30.
Building great newsstand apps,
manage subscriptions
with In-App Purchase.
It's also an In-App Purchase session.
And building and distributing
custom B2B apps if you're interested
in the custom B2B program.
In summary,
Play around with the Mountain Seed
and get your app ready for
In-App Purchase hosted content.
The Sandbox is ready now
for In-App Purchase hosted
content and so are the tools,
Application Loader and iTunes Connect,
as well as Game Center.
The Game Center grouping,
as we mentioned,
the UI is available for merging
your leaderboards and achievements.
The grouping in OS X will
go live with Mountain Lion.
Because we have backwards
compatibility to iOS 4 and iOS 5,
those go live too.
So you'll have grouping on both platforms
without iOS 6 when Mountain Lion ships.
and you should start
implementing iOS 6 support.
Again, In-App Purchas hosted content,
that sandbox is live now.
And iOS 6 binaries will
be accepted in the fall.
Thank you and have a
good rest of your week.